Epic of the given task

#1: As a Developer I want to Rebuilt the Credit Card Feature so that I can define more funtional requirement.

#2: As a User I can expand explore product so that I can see the all product of Chase.com.

#3: As a user I want to reviewing all subsequent pages so that I can understand the scope of this feature.

User Story of the Above Epic #2

#1: As a user I want to click on credit card feature so that I can see all the credit cards listed on the website Chase.com.

#2: As a user I want to click on checking account so that I can see all the details of  my account.

#3: As a user I want to see all prepaid cards so that I can order the best one which is fit to my budget.

#4: As a Family member I want a home loan so that I can stay in it with my family.

#5: As a buisness man I want to open a commercial banking account so that I can manage all the funding of my buisness.

#6: As a buisness man I want to explore chase for buisness feature so that I can get more services for my buisness.

#7: As a buisness man I want Buisness loan so that I can grow My buisness more.

#8: As a human I want to buy a car so that I can make myself more comfortable.



Detailed Ananlysis of user Story #1:

As a user when i clicked on the Credit card feature so on click event of the credit card button the list of all the 
credit card provide by the Chase.com is listed in front of me. and short description about the card like offers on 
that perticular card and Glance APR and annual fees of the card all are given on this page on the very short description if 
I am intrested in any of the offer and any of the card than their is also a button named learn more so on clicking that button
I get a complete description of that card. and their also a button that named as apply now on clicking on that button By sign in I can apply for that card.

Technical Description:- 
			Whenever a user click on the button credit card then the on click event of the buuton the next page is open where the list of all credit cards 
			is taken by running a query on the database and a very short description of the card is also given 
			in it and when a user click on the learn more button than on click event of that button they complete 
			description of the card is shown and when a user click on the apply button then it check if the session of the user \
			is alive than it gives the message that you applied successfully and if the user is not loged in than than it ask 
			the user to login or signup.
technical requirement:- The page is designed by using HTML and CSS and Javascript is also used for the client side validation
			and A server side scripting language and one dtaabase is also used to create this.